multi-gpu-docs (#42)
ingonyama-zk/developer-docs: docs/icicle/rust-bindings/multi-gpu.md

# Multi GPU APIs

To learn more about the theory of Multi GPU programming refer to [this part](../multi-gpu.md) of documentation.

## Device management API

> To stream line device management we offer as part of `icicle-cuda-runtime` package methods for dealing with devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To streamline device management we offer as part of `icicle-cuda-runtime` package methods for dealing with devices.
```
